i WANT to turn this section into an automated ads space for solana tokens. we have 6 token spaces that are appearing  in spaces for 30 minutes,  the token owners or anyone can pay for the spac to display their tokens (any solana spl tokens ), to get a space, one must login by connecting a wallet, and send tokens worth $10 to a wallet embedded into the button on the space (same for all spaces), for example is i want $OOF to be advertised on the first space, i will click on the space, it asks for token link for buying the token (i.e pump.fun, radium, jupiter, moonshot etc), short video upto 25 MB OR IMAGE, and telegram links (channel or group), and Twitter handle (use Icons). then provide display wallet address for admin with a copy button. then after user sending $10 worth of tokens-exactly the one same one to be listed ie $OOF, the confirmation happens automatically onchain and the token is automatically listed.  the listed token is listed and must be interactive in the manner they are displayed, the space and screen must be nice to attract viewers, and must count views, the buy button also is also important for users (public) viewing the listed token to click and follow it to buy the token. if they have connected their sol wallet (since we have Dynamic.xyz that allows wallet connection, and or creation for new users), they can click the link and buy the token directly.  if a user buys from our platform, they are entitled to a revenue sharing of tokens paid by the advertisers of the tokens. since we have 6 spaces, tokens are displayed for 30 minutes, then other tokens are slipped for displays in the next 30 minutes. so a token is displayed 30 minutes every hour.  and it repeats for 6 hours. so every token gets 180 minutes exposure every 6 hours. after 6 hours (remember listing happens in different times), new tokens entries are open for listing. users who buys the listed tokens through the platform are airdropped after every 6 hours. we only accepts tokens launched in pump.fun or those proven to be save. so we must figure out the formulas, create smart contracts, and design all we need, be creative, conceptualize it first. 